9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvonne Man with Annabelle
Droulers.
>> We're counting down to the open of
markets in greater China and our top
stories this morning, Asian stocks
edging higher as oil prices retreat. US
and Israeli leaders seeking to calm
concerns over the Iran war. Israel
saying it will heed President Trump's
call to end attacks on energy
infrastructure.
>> But bond yields are surging as traders
bet that elevated energy costs will lead
to rate hikes even as the ECB and BOE
follow the Fed in keeping lending costs
on hold.
>> And to Alibaba shares set to fall in
Hong Kong after a nearly 70% plunge in
quarterly profit, piling more pressure
for its massive AI spending to pay off.
>> We start with some breaking news when it
comes to the loan prime rates in China.
A no surprise here is unchanged at the
moment. I think given the fact that, you
know, after MPC, we're expecting some
sort of rate cut and then with the maybe
the loan prime rate would follow. But we
didn't quite see that. Inflation
relatively looking better in China as
well. So maybe they're pushing off uh
that when it comes to cutting these loan
prime rates for now. But I can't wrap my
head around just the the price action
we've seen, Bell, in the last 24 hours,
whether what we saw in the gilts
markets, uh German bonds and the like as
we start pricing in a more hawkish
>> central banks around the world around
this Iran situation.
>> Yeah, I think that's sort of the key
takeaway from all of these meetings this
week as you've got steady rates, but
it's not so steady in terms of the
outlook because it's just been that
continual messaging we're hearing from
central bank makers or policy makers
that that they're just trying to to
grapple essentially with where the
Middle East conflict goes, how extended
it is. And then you're seeing those
gyrations also coming through in the
bond market volatility as well because
it's just unusually elevated. Uh and not
to mention, of course, Alibaba and and
and the numbers we've had on that front
as well.
>> Yeah, so adding to the bad news, right?
When you're talking about a 67% plunge
in quarterly earnings here, just goes to
show why they're doubling down or even
quintupling down when it comes to what
the projections for AI are going to be
when it comes to revenue. Just to offset
what's going on when it comes to food
delivery and, of course, e-commerce and
the like.
>> Yeah, I mean, there was sort of not a
lot of good news really coming out of
the numbers. Not only do you have that
big spend on AI, but you're also really
feeling the pinch on the e-commerce
front as well and trying to spend to
defend market share.
>> it like that.
>> Yeah, well, there we go.
You're welcome. All right, let's take a
quick look at the market action as well
because, as we said, it's that big focus
on what's happening in the commodity
space. And and certainly these these
messaging that you're getting from the
Israeli US leaders as well around
they're not going to be attacking
essential energy infrastructure,
essentially trying to calm down the
markets. And you've seen that reflected
because we have seen Brent crude WTI
pulling back even though, of course,
you've got to put in the context what
has been a major rally in these since
the start of the conflict. Gold as well
I mean trading fairly steady, but it has
been pulling back essentially for the
past several sessions. Let's take a
look, as we said, bond market activity.
We do have Japan shut today, so we don't
have cash treasuries right now, but we
are just keeping a watch on what's
happening with yields. Really the front
end of the curve is in pricing this
prospect of higher rates from here. But
again, as we said, investors or policy
makers still trying to grapple with
where the conflict heads from here.
Commodities or or FX, rather, I should
note. We did see the dollar slumping
again. It was after we had the ECB, BOE,
BOJ as well just really highlighting the
risk of inflation. So you saw that
pullback in the dollar setting this
morning. But taking a look at how
equities are trading as well in Asia
today because we actually are just
seeing them moving
modestly higher here mostly across the
board. Of course, Australia to the
downside, but but we are just seeing
some modest gains, as I said, being led
there by the likes of the cos but you
can see over in Korea. So, TSMC one
stock to watch and should just mention
this a bit of a different story, but we
do have local media in Taiwan
essentially reporting that TSMC and
actually Samsung as well have have
raised
prices for the sub 5 nanometer nodes, so
they're more advanced technology.
Just again goes into their essentially
tighter capacity and a lot of pricing
power on that front. And as we said,
China just take take a quick look at
what we're expecting ahead of the open
today, but that big focus really on
Alibaba. You're looking at the the ADRs
there, but a sharp plunge overnight.
>> Yeah, certainly that'll be that might
damper some of the I guess optimism
around stocks here this morning as we
start to see this you know, signs of
maybe possible de-escalation when it
comes to the Iran side of things. Let's
bring in our news desk managing editor
Jill Disis. She joins us now. So, you
heard from you know, the Israeli side of
things, you heard from Trump as well,
both trying to really temper down what's
been going on oil prices and the like,
too.
>> Yes, that's right, Yvonne. Well, I think
you know, when you're looking just over
the last couple of days at how much
things had really escalated. I mean,
those Israeli strikes essentially
prompting an incredibly aggressive
response from Iran over the past couple
of days. I mean, that strike on that
liquefied natural gas field in Qatar. I
think Qatar Energy has said that that
cost them about 20 billion US dollars in
revenue over the next year. I mean, we
are looking at massive massive
implications for the global energy
markets with some of these strikes. So,
you know, there's there's certainly that
acknowledgement now when you're looking
at what Trump has said over the past
couple of days, what you we've heard
from Netanyahu earlier, that attempt to
sort of de-escalate some of that
rhetoric because again, Iran has shown
that you know, they're like, "Look, if
you you come for us, we'll come for
you." I mean, you've got you know,
there's there's really massive strikes
you're seeing on your screen just how
far that's really sort of stretched over
that entire region. So, certainly you
know, the those attempts to reassure
investors seem to be working at least
for the moment, but we'll have to see if
that actually turns into some kind of a
you know, long-running de-escalation in
this conflict.
>> It's it's been fascinating and probably
not a time essentially that the Japanese
Prime Minister may have hoped to have
traveled to Washington just given the
pressure that the Trump has been putting
on allies, but it came up as well even a
reference to Pearl Harbor in that
conversation or that meeting he had with
her. But just take a listen to this
first.
>> When we go in, we went in very hard.
And we didn't tell anybody about it.
Because we wanted
surprise. Who knows better about
surprise than Japan?
Okay? Why didn't you tell me about Pearl
Harbor? Okay?
Right?
You know,
he's asked me uh do you believe in
surprise?
I think much more so than us.
>> I mean, that's quite remarkable really
and and certainly
I mean, what you're calling it a
cavalier attitude, but but just talk us
through how that would have been
perceived and the significance of that.
>> Yeah, what a wild clip. I mean, you look
see the look on Takaichi's face there
just lips pursed like absolutely trying
not to react in that moment. And we had
actually heard um you know, from from
other officials that um you know, Japan
was expecting quite a few you know, you
know, sort of off-the-cuff things from
Trump, but you know, not not really
that. I mean, look like this is a really
really difficult to manage relationship
and obviously for Takaichi uh really
difficult for her to come into this
because um you know, while the Japan is
an important ally for the United States
uh it's it's it's pretty laid out in
their constitution um to not get
involved in these types of global
conflicts and would be enormously
unpopular at home were Takaichi to get
involved um to that level. Um you did
have them kind of like going back and
forth over Trump saying, well, you know,
like uh you know, Japan is a strong
ally, they're helping us out and like
NATO, but it's kind of unclear exactly
what he's talking about there. So, I'm
not really sure that we got uh too far
ahead of you know, into the the sort of
specifics of what exactly it is that
he's you know, getting from Japan here,
but at the very least I think you know,
for Takaichi the importance of this
visit is sort of to reaffirm the
relationship, things that they can
commit to each other on in terms of you
know economic targets and things like
that. Um but obviously she does not want
to get involved um in this war.
>> You know what I find so exceptional
about that as well is that is that Pearl
Harbor is considered one of the most
significant
intelligence failures in US military
history. And then this week as well,
you've had the head of the
counterterrorism, one of the most senior
counterterrorism officials in the US
resigning and a lot of questions again
around how intelligence is being used in
this conflict as well. So I I found it
fascinating that that comment.
>> Yeah, Joe. I mean obviously there's
going to be a lot about what came out,
you know, but you could definitely feel
the tension as as as you said, Joe. Joe
just is there our news desk managing
editor
on the latest when it comes to Iran.
Another story that we're tracking as you
talked about is of course those Alibaba
earnings. It looks like we could be
bracing for a bit of a sell-off here
today. We're indicated lower here in
Hong Kong after that 67% plunge in third
quarter profit and little revenue
growth. And that's really piling
pressure on the pivot to AI and cloud as
a major driver of the earnings.
>> Yeah, let's get more on this now.
Bringing in our China correspondent,
Minmin Loh. So Minmin, just talk us
through it. This is obviously not
numbers that maybe they wanted to
showcase just given the the the push
they're making into AI, but it does seem
like it's going to take a while to pay
off.
>> Yeah, I mean it's a pretty ugly set of
numbers. We're talking about 1.7% gain
in revenue versus estimates of 3.4%. So
half of that. And net income sliding by
67%. That is also far below estimates.
And the big driver of this decline is
really in its e-commerce business. And
e-commerce traditionally is the biggest
cash cow for Alibaba. It makes up 70% of
of revenue in third quarter. And this is
where Alibaba would take the money to go
invest in AI, but this time it's getting
badly hit because last year the company
entered the quick commerce business.
That means they have to deliver goods
within under an hour. So they spent a
lot on promotion, spent a lot on
logistics, and they're going through
this fierce battle with Meituan, and
their promotional spending went up by
over 60%. It makes up a quarter of their
revenue now. So, that's the big hit, and
even that
when that whole segment comes down, it
really is not enough to offset the
improvement on the AI side. And the
outlook remains challenged because when
you look at the macro backdrop, the
government has lowered the growth
target. We're not sure whether the price
war is really behind us. Will we see
another bubble tea war this summer
again? So, so a lot of question about
that. And the company said that they are
looking at fiscal 2029
as the year when the quick commerce
segment would turn profitable.
>> Well, okay. So, yeah, still quite a ways
to go. This week as well, the big story
for Alibaba has been around the
organizational restructuring to to
really try and focus on that
monetization of AI. But but what are we
seeing in terms of the revenue side so
far?
>> So, the cloud computing business is
still pretty solid. We're looking at 36%
growth on year. That is slightly ahead
of estimates. But again, the company has
set a very high bar for itself because
it's targeting 100 billion yuan in
revenue in the next 5 years. And to get
there, they need to maintain this around
35% gain pace of growth over the next 5
years consistently. And I think analysts
are taking that with a bit a pinch of
salt. If you look at the forecast now,
and
these forecasts sometimes are not very
accurate so far in the future. But
analysts are now expecting 70 billion
yuan as their revenue in the next 5
years. So, still quite a big gap there.
And of course, there's still that
turmoil around the restructuring, you
know, the the key engineer leaving as
well. So, a lot of question around how
that AI division, how healthy it is
really.
>> Mim Mim, thanks so much for joining us.
That was our China correspondent Mim Mim
Lo there. And we're going to have more
on Alibaba and China's overall AI push
later this hour. We've got Macquarie
Capital's Ellie Jiang joining us. And
she's actually saying that the
establishment of that Alibaba token hub
should be viewed as a milestone for the
business. We'll have more on that ahead
and we're counting down of course the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
Hong Kong where we are seeing Alibaba
looking like it's going to open lower as
well, but we'll have more ahead. This is
the China show.
>> This is a very volatile situation. I
think by the next time we meet, which
will be you know, our next decision is
at the end of April,
a lot will have happened and I can't
predict what I can't possibly none of us
can predict what it will be. But it is a
very volatile situation. So I would
caution
really against getting ahead of that
position which is we held this time.
>> The risks to the inflation outlook are
tilted to the upside, especially in the
near term.
A prolonged war in the Middle East could
lead to a larger and longer-lasting
upward shift in energy prices than
currently expected,
raising Eurozone area inflation further.
>> That was the Bank of England Governor
Andrew Bailey and ECB President
Christine Lagarde on whether they see
inflation risks from the ongoing war in
Ukraine. Let's take a quick look on how
markets are fairing.
We are heading 15 minutes away from the
open session today. Of course Alibaba's
going to be the one stock to track, but
generally actually we are seeing
equities just moving a bit higher.
>> Yeah, I mean thanks to of course the
easing of oil prices, right? We were
talking about getting closer to 120 just
you know, a few hours ago yesterday and
then now we're coming easing back to
slightly above 100 thanks to what we've
heard from the Israelis, what we heard
from President Trump and trying to calm
the sort of markets, but then again, we
take a look what's going on in the rates
markets and and that certainly has seems
like there's been a shift, right? When
you talk about what's been priced in
right now markets when it comes to the
BOE? They're pricing in maybe possibly
three 25 basis point hikes by the end of
this year. ECB as well pricing almost
two and a half hikes after those
meetings that we got and what we heard
from Bailey as well as the Christine
Lagarde. Let's talk a little more about
now what what this all means implication
for markets with Benjamin Deng president
of Asia Asset Management at Sun Life.
Benjamin it's good to have you here on
the program. Do you feel like things
have shifted in any way given what we've
been hearing from central banks about
how they're responding
>> Mhm.
>> to this energy shock.
>> I think from historical perspective this
is still staying within the normal
range. So far there are blips on the
market blips in the geopolitically.
Um but over the long time
this is not as crazy as before like 20
year 20 years ago and we've seen many
other things
way way way bigger. So we we remain our
neutral close to neutral allocation at
this moment.
>> Yeah. I guess the message we've got from
a lot of central bankers this week is is
more around like the uncertainty and not
knowing how and for many investors as
well how long this is going to be
extending for but it it sounds like
you're actually working on a shorter
time horizon.
>> For me we look at a very long term
investment horizon. So
if we look at next
>> for the end of the war essentially that
that that you
>> Yeah so far I think the scale is still
relatively contained hasn't gone out of
control yet I think and so that's why we
remain pretty calm with our allocation
strategies watching
at any moment if things turn upside we
will be ready to to move in.
>> You sound pretty sanguine about it but
when I talk about you know oil prices
where you know trading ranges could be
10 to 15 dollars in a in a given day.
What does that tell you about
positioning in this market here right
now?
>> You look at the inflation right is still
not reflecting what we experienced back
in the 1980s.
So,
you know, comparatively, I think we are
the whole world is watching, but I think
we are still in the normal the right the
normal range, and uh
again,
>> So, what are you doing in terms of your
exposure? Have you done anything? You
said you kept a neutral equity
allocation even before this Iran
situation.
>> We slightly
went down the cautious side a little
bit, close to neutral, but we're
remaining very uh agile, just be ready
to go in anytime.
>> And and and
what would be the opportunities that
you'd look for? What would What would
spark your interest, do you think?
>> Oh, a peace talk, a a de-escalation of
the situation, and a opening up of the
trade routes, everything. Any
>> in terms of the assets that you'd look
to
>> Oh, equity. Has to be equity, and we're
very much I'm managing the Asian market
uh Asian business as the management
business here. So, it's our Asian uh
equity allocation, of course. Yeah.
>> Uh what about commodities? Are you
looking to add any exposure to to oil,
to you know, some of the precious metals
space, given the situation?
>> Base metal, precious metal
uh are the two uh
broadly speaking materials is one sector
we've been over weighting consistently,
and I think that's not a temporary
thing, it's a structural thing in the
next 20 years.
Yeah.
>> Mhm.
In terms of of sectors that you like in
in in the equity market,
we've seen still tech continuing to push
higher even with all of this angst
around Iran. What's What's your What's
your take on that sector?
>> Well, tech is another sector we
overweight in our portfolio. It's uh
again, we're in the era of tech-driven,
AI-driven, data-driven
uh productivity enhancement. So, it's
not just about frontline technology
companies, it's a whole ecosystem, value
chain, all the way up to the material,
raw material, which we are all very
bullish on.
>> Mhm.
Um I I know you manage, you know, the
insurance money and MPF here right now.
I'm just Tell us a little bit more about
how you're managing for external parties
versus your own sort of insurance
invested assets right now.
>> Um
not structurally different, not
fundamentally different. Um the
measurement, performance measurement
kind could be different. Uh insurance is
a very long-term business. Pension, we
do have certain mechanism in the pension
market to to compare to the peers and to
uh pitch to our customers more
frequently
uh and more directly. Um
but fundamentally, it's a long-term
money and we just want to
communicate with our customers and make
make sure we all are on a long-term
investment horizon basis and uh just
don't be bothered by
one day or two days flips in the market,
you know.
>> In terms of of insurance invested assets
that you manage for your parent group,
can you tell us uh
how much you have exactly in that space?
>> Well, uh it's a part of our global
portfolio. Well, I can What I can
disclose is what we have disclosed to
publicly, 1.6 trillion AUM um for the
entire Sun Life group. We're the number
two within the top 25 asset managers
globally.
But in Asia, we've been here for more
than in Hong Kong for more than 130
years. Um
it's a it's pretty solid business and
we've been through a lot of turbulences
in history.
>> Mhm.
>> And that's why you can see we're kind of
calm at this moment. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um
you know, if it wasn't for this round
situation, I think one of our top
stories would be what's going on in
private credit right now, whether the
cracks that are forming. I know you also
have exposure to
uh alternative assets in in in North
America.
>> How are you viewing the whole concerns
around private credit now?
>> With private credit, we're primarily
North American driven. We have huge
capacity in origination in this space.
Um
investment strategy
my take is diversification
and stay long-term. Don't
don't have knee-jerk reactions. That's
very important. And uh
the the sector private credit is still
growing. It's not in a bubbly situation
by now. It's just an extension or
different format of a
loan business, but loan book globally is
gigantic and private credit is still
very small in the very early stage. Um
again, coming back to risk management,
be diversified is very
>> cutting your exposure at all in this
space?
>> We're not. Yeah, we're actually
um very steadily
uh allocating into this space. Yeah.
>> Benjamin, thanks so much for joining us.
That's uh Benjamin Deng there, president
of Asia Asset Management at Sun Life.
And just taking a look at how Alibaba's
faring because we've just had pre-market
trading coming online and we are seeing
a a significant drop, but but not really
surprising the context of what we saw in
ADRs overnight. But the the headlines of
course from the earnings result is that
yes, they're targeting a hundred billion
dollars of AI revenue in five years, but
certainly pressure in the near term in
terms of of still time for ROI or
for investments into AI to pay off and
also a lot of spending and pressure in
the e-commerce side.
>> Yeah, even when it came to that 36%
increase in the cloud unit growth, that
still failed to satisfy a lot of what
investors were expecting as well. But
given that the vision that they've
unveiled here, it's really expand
heavily into this whole AI and cloud
sales to over a hundred billion dollars
in five years. But how are they going to
get there? I think they were not too
clear in terms of the vision there
during that call. So certainly we'll
continue watch this one how this affects
of course other tech plays, whether it's
a gen tech AI, whether it is the
e-commerce and food delivery space here.
Uh you know, when it comes to futures,
uh we're still flat here this morning,
but Hang Seng is lower by 6/10 of 1%.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Alibaba is going to be the name of the
game here today. Take a look at how
China tech is going to perform. Well, it
looks like we're seeing a decent
sell-off here when it comes to the
stock. We're down some 6 and 1/2% or so.
Price targets have been slashed uh a
little bit from this the the the the the
the sell side here today, but certainly
it has been of course the disappointing
earnings that we got. Sluggish growth in
e-commerce, weak domestic consumption,
and like really intensifying that
competition in the food delivery space.
It really did cut into their profits. Uh
Xiaomi could be interesting, too, but we
are actually seeing it as the number two
biggest drag on HS Tech. Number one, of
course, has been Alibaba. Uh they did
unveil this updated version of their SUV
or the SU7 sedan, I should say. Uh so,
launch at competitive pricing as well
despite these rising costs. So, that's
one thing to watch. And Delton Tech, we
do have a listing debut uh in Hong Kong
here today. Obviously, it could be an
interesting day given the volatility
we've been seeing, but it seems like it
could be a good first day of school for
Delton Tech. We're up 32%
for the stock. Uh of course, we're
tracking of course not just the tech
space, but you know, it really has been
the miners that certainly have been, I
guess, given the whipsaw we've seen in
aluminum. Uh we talked about the biggest
drop yesterday in the LME
since 2022.
Uh copper has erased the gains for the
year as well. So, we'll have more coming
up
in the open there next. This is
Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning taking a look ahead of
the market open. I think really
the broad narrative for for markets
today is around investors that are
getting a little bit more optimistic
about ships that may be able to pass
through the Strait of Hormuz. You've
seen oil pulling back, equities moving
slightly higher off the back of that.
Hang Seng you can see indicated lower
and that is very much I think the
Alibaba story here.
>> Yeah, I mean we were talking about
waking up to the reality that central
banks are getting more hawkish,
particularly the ones
in in in Europe, right? When you heard
from the BOE, you heard from the ECB.
Front end rates are basically telling
you a message that is that, you know,
they are going to be continue to be
hawkish here. And certainly that could
royal the whole equity space, but then
again, now that we have kind of emerge
away from the cliff when it comes to
where oil prices are, we're inching back
closer to 100 and 120 over the course of
24 hours. I think that has helped in
some way in terms of sentiment, but as
you say, Alibaba could be the dampener
for Hong Kong today. But onshore market
is looking a little bit better in the
face of that. We're up half of 1%.
Shanghai composite is pretty much flat
around that 4,000 level. Key to watch
when it comes to some of these massive
reversals that we're seeing when it
comes to aluminum, copper. I mean
aluminum was beginning of this whole
Iran situation was seen as one of those
beneficiaries given the supply
disruptions. Now you have metal traders
now pricing in the possibility of what
this could do to the global economy in
terms of the growth picture. And you're
seeing massive moves in the LME
contracts here when it comes to
aluminum, copper, basically erasing
gains for this year. Aluminum had the
biggest drop yesterday. I think trading
volumes were at record yesterday in the
LME electronic platform. So there you
go, you're seeing that following here in
in some of these China futures. There
aluminum futures are down some 2%.
Shanghai crude is also lower by 7% here.
So the commodity space is easing off
just a bit here. Certainly that does
help equities in general. You're seeing
when it comes to that CGB curve, not
much change really, but that steepener
trade certainly has been a trend of
late, but we're not quite following what
we're seeing when it comes to fixed
income across the world here this
morning as well. Large caps are mostly
doing okay on the onshore space. Let's
flip the boards and look at what we're
seeing in Hong Kong, cuz that's where
you might be seeing more of the price
action, and you are seeing more
negativity when it comes to the tech
space. There you go, Alibaba's down some
5%. We're watching the rest of the
e-commerce, rest of the food delivery
space. JD.com is also falling as well,
given maybe the just you know, those
earnings results from Alibaba did show
how intense this competition is right
now when it comes to e-commerce and food
delivery. But interestingly enough,
Meituan is actually up some 2%. Uh
Tencent is doing better after the slump
we saw yesterday after their earnings as
well. So certainly there's a lot of you
know, concerns around the reducing the
buybacks in order to fund for this whole
AI capital spend. Uh that certainly did
worry the market just a bit. Xiaomi on
the flip side of this, they also just
launched this new model uh of this new
sedan, but yeah, the shares are heading
lower by about 4% here this morning. So,
uh it's mostly lower when it comes to
the tech space here today. Uh we're
watching very closely the Hang Seng
here. We're we're lower by about 51%
right now. Not much, it's moderate, but
you know, the the rest of the region is
actually doing better, so to speak. Uh
offshore yuan renminbi were at 6.88.
Keep in mind those LPRs were unchanged
this morning as well. It really has been
the industrial metals, it's the precious
metals space where we've seen a lot of
volatility, right? So we talked about
when it comes to gold prices, silver
prices, which were actually falling in
the face of this kind of rate hike
expectations around the ECB and BOE. Uh
that has seemed to have eased in the
Asian session a little bit here. Copper
and aluminum in the LME contracts are
actually doing a little bit better
coming off some of the initial uh moves
that we've seen. So certainly there is a
bit of that. We'll see how these miners
play out here. So, when it comes to you
know, precious metals, uh yeah, miners
there, copper miners, uh mostly higher
here this morning. Keep in mind Zijin
Mining, China Hongqiao also reporting
results later on today.
>> Yeah, and needless to say that big
results focus cuz as we said Alibaba is
is the the stock to watch essentially in
the session today following its own
numbers, but Macquarie is actually
keeping its outperform rating for
Alibaba despite the drop in those
numbers. So, the bank cut its its price
target for the stock to 171 Hong Kong
dollars from 216.
Joining us now is Ellie she's head of
Asia internet and media research at
Macquarie Capital. So, thanks very much
for coming into the studio.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, let's talk about that that change
the price target and your overall
reaction to the numbers. What drove it
essentially?
>> Yeah, I think we're at the very
interesting times when if you compare
this year versus last year, the
sentiment has been shifting. That last
year investors were very much chasing
the momentum AI trying to, you know,
gauge the new stories driven by this AI
boom, but of course this year is almost
that reality check when the earnings are
kicking in. People start to realize,
okay, we need to really evaluate the
investment returns and ROICs, you know,
all on all of those cash deployed. So, I
would say yesterday was almost kind of a
demonstration of, you know, seeing that
this conflicting market sentiment that
people were trying to balance out this
pretty sluggish core earnings as well as
for their still pretty strong cloud
momentum. For our side, we did cut the
target price because of to reflect that
the better more aggressive investments
on the e-commerce and those financial
auto front, but we still do believe, you
know, Baba is probably the best one to
be positioned into this AI front
especially with their pretty unique full
stack capabilities on the AI
infrastructure. Eventually, if you look
at the AI investment wave, right? What's
being more tangible is really the capex
that that the hardware side that's sheet
that's really seeing real real really
strong pricing power.
You are seeing all of those rising
tokens, the usage all bringing into much
higher need for compute. So, we do think
Baba is really unique on that front.
>> I mean it it it's a high bar then really
for their AI endeavors given the
weakness that we're seeing when it comes
to the e-commerce space.
They're talking about quintupling. I
mean, I haven't seen that in an earnings
report in a while. Quintupling cloud and
AI revenue to 100 billion annually
in 5 years. That's about what, 30-some
percent growth a year?
Do you think that's actually feasible?
Is it reasonable? And how will they get
there?
>> And so, they're basically implying
roughly 40% category in the next 4 5
years, right? On the AI cloud revenue
and mostly for external revenue. Uh I
would say at the current juncture, it it
seems to be a very ambitious target. Um
but just judging on the current token
consumption, especially with the fact
that now more and more developers, even
casual users, are using these agentic
tools and products to try out and really
expand experimenting into their life and
work experiences, it does seem like the
token search will just continue. Uh so,
we're actually seeing that accelerated
usage of AI could could be further
boosting the cloud usage. Um so, I'd say
for the near term, it does seem like the
cloud revenue will be climbing on this
upward uh revenue momentum.
>> Yeah, it's it's I I found it notable as
well just given the market sort of
punished Tencent early this week for not
having sort of defined targets in place
around monetization. And then, maybe
Alibaba then it's the concern they're
being a little bit too optimistic. But
the the story as well this week was the
the the reformulation or reorganization
around this Alibaba token hub. How
significant do you think that
restructuring is?
>> I actually think this is a very
important milestone for Alibaba. Uh
eventually, if you look back into all
these large companies' histories, right?
They previously have been very
concentrating on their core businesses.
For Tencent, it's advertising, gaming.
For Alibaba, it's e-commerce, right? But
now we're clearly shifting into this new
regime. So, into the new regime, you
have to really reposition based on, you
know, the the the current kind of uh uh
capex spendings and the the all the
resources that are needed for these AI
investments. Uh before, Alibaba was very
much focusing on just on the cloud infra
side, but clearly, you know, all these Q
and app as well as for the agentic open
claws, you know, these are driving the
next wave of the more kind of consumer
consumer-facing uh uh usage. Uh so, I I
think it's the right thing for them to
kind of pull all the resources together
and try to visualize it from a token
usage perspective. I think eventually
that is the direction we're going into
into the next agentic era.
>> Um I mean, it seems like there's a lot
of changes with open claw and this, you
know, embracing of lobsters in China and
you know, some have argued some
investors that and people on the sell
side that, you know, Tencent, just given
that it has this whole WeChat ecosystem
has this initial advantage, maybe even
over the likes of Alibaba.
Um given the fact that they have this
massive data trove and the massive user
base and the like,
how how true is that narrative here?
Overall, just how do you think that
reshapes the overall competitive space
when it comes to open AI and and and
agentic AI in China now?
>> Right. I I think um to to be extremely
honest, uh we're at the very very early
stage early stage of adopting regards to
open claw or some other agentic products
down the road, right? So, so ultimately,
it's too early to call for the winner.
Uh the way I would look at the the
problem is that we should actually think
from a few components. Number one is
whether you have the channel, whether
you have the actual data usage, and that
would not just talk about user the
casual user traffic, but it's also
developers who are using these tools
constantly. So, these are all
intelligence and data. So, I I think
these would be the key things and of
course, AI infra again kicks into the
equation as well. If you kind of
benchmark on that scale, uh I would say
Baba and Tencent equally would have the
chance of winning per se, uh but, you
know, judging by the current setup, it
does seem like Tencent is kind of taking
the lead on the the front end, which is
more ecosystem, consumer usage, you
know, their enterprise solutions and so
on. And for Baba, it seems like they're
having a better advantage in on the back
end, which is more infra related.
>> You said you you recently had a bit of a
workshop with investors on open claw and
all these kind of agentic apps that are
out there right now. What was the
overall take? What were some of the
questions that you've been asked?
>> Uh well, I I guess the the most fun and
and most asked questions was how much
have I spent on training my open claw.
Uh but but clearly I think there are
huge amount of interest, right? You
know, for for especially for investors,
obviously, you know, we are kind of
constantly juggling with, you know,
which product to to try on and whether
we're running into this big security
risks and so on.
So, we're still at the stage where
people are just exploring different
options, but it does seem like this is I
I kind of visualize open claw as a as a
symbolic event to indicate that we are
kind of going into the next stage,
right? Eventually, I I don't I don't see
open claw as a standalone event or or a
product. I actually see it just as kind
of a a mirroring
product to to indicate, you know, this
this is the trajectory of the industry
developments. Uh overnight, we're
seeing, you know, open claw sorry, cloud
code is also developing, pushing for
some agentic features as well. That just
indicate, right? Eventually, all of
these developers, professional
enterprises, users will all be
incorporating more and more of these
autonomous agents into our working life
experience. And that basically will be a
huge read across for the token hubs,
right? Token usages down the road.
>> What do you think then in terms of cuz
you Yeah, you're making it sort of clear
you think Alibaba, Tencent is sort of
the best positioned here, but what about
then the the the AI startups? And of
course, you've got Ji Pu and MiniMax
that recently listed, but there's
there's Moon Shot, there's Step Fun,
there's more of these names.
Given how commoditized this technology
is becoming,
what do you then make of that huge
run-up we've seen and maybe more led by
the retail side, but how sustainable is
it do you think?
>> Yeah, well well, to start with, I I
wouldn't say the technology is
commoditized just yet. I think yesterday
Baba's management was making it quite
clear that you got to have, you know,
the infra, you got to have basically the
the actual token. So, it's more driven
by, you know, the your your actual
architecture as well as for the models,
right? So, everyone's got different
models, and of course, these models are
now evolving to be more adaptive to
agents.
So, so eventually that is still kind of
the kick. Now,
you know, we are seeing how a lot of
companies are becoming token factories
per se, right? So, ultimately, if you
call If you use that phase, then what we
need to see next is who produces tokens
at a more cost-efficient scale, and who
are better positioned to face the
pursuers or consumers, you know, from
from a more mass market kind of usage.
So, I think that is still kind of the
the the key decision factor. So, I
eventually I don't I wouldn't
necessarily draw a clear cut between the
large intent platforms versus the the
frontier labs. I think eventually
everyone's got their own positions since
we're just at the very early stage of
the industry adoption. I think
everyone's going to just see this
massive integration of agents into, you
know, the broader work workspace. It's
more about frontier labs or the overall
agents taking over the the the
traditional internet usage.
>> Just just quickly then because the other
story as well was Alibaba raising the
the the price of some of its cloud
services.
>> By 30-some percent, yeah.
>> Yeah, exactly. So, so how how
significant is that then in terms of
trying to monetize and and and and
essentially get that ROI?
>> Yeah, I I think the initial trigger of
that price take was really just the
price hikes from the infrastructure
side. We've seen memories, we've seen
CPUs all raising their prices. So, I
think it is a pass-through of the cost,
but at the same time, it also is them
demonstration that they do have very
strong pricing power, right? Especially
in the China market. If you look at the
overall
public cloud services providers, Baba
clearly has very strong leadership. They
They are the largest, you know, CSP in
China,
and that kind of makes them much at a
much better position when it comes to
the the price adjustments and
potentially paving a better path for
monetization down the road.
>> I was going to get your take on the
Tencent earnings as well. It seems like
there was
some say a lack of a clear pivot to to
AI. Is that a fair assessment overall
and why why the market reacted the way
that it did?
>> I think what happened was
you know kind of drawing back to
Tencent's DNA, right? It's been very
much towards kind of a consumer-facing
ecosystems and and that it has been a
key advantage for Tencent. But when it
comes to agenda era
the methodology we're being using is we
we call this framework. It's a new it's
a three-level traffic order. Basically
what it means is you're basically having
the traditional workflows of the
parallel internet usage now into a
three-level pyramid, right? So
autonomous agents, generalist agents
will be on top of the funnel and then
they will be able to recognize your
intention and delegate into specific
vertical solutions. And on that note, I
would say you know Tencent's now into a
new phase where they have to either find
the new native app or they have to
revamp Tencent WeChat itself, right? to
to with with with then coupled with a
lot more aggressive investments approach
that as before. So they're they're kind
of in a transitional stage if we if you
will.
>> Okay, Ellie. Thank you. Ellie Jiang
there, head of Asia internet and media
research at Macquarie Capital. Let us
know the next time you host these open
claw workshops. Ellie's ready. Ellie's
ready.
We have to do it on TV. We're ready with
our hats, Ellie. Anytime we need it we
need a bit of a
of course. Of course. We need to learn.
>> Yours looks so cute on you. It's like A
LITTLE BERET.
>> I PUT ON a good jacket too to match it.
>> But yeah, we're continuing on
>> We're continuing on the trend. Ellie,
it's great to have you. We look
ridiculous, but yes, we're going to take
these off now. Ellie Jiang
head of Asia internet and media research
at Macquarie Capital. Let me fix my
hair. You still look good though.
Okay, how Asian markets are doing as we
go to this break right now. Yeah, we're
seeing better markets here when it comes
to onshore. We're up about 7/10 of 1%.
When it comes to China next Shenzhen is
looking pretty good. We're up some 2%
here right now. We got plenty more to
come. This is Bloomberg.
>> In some corporate news this morning,
FedEx shares rose in late trading.
That's after the company raised its
full-year profit forecast, signaling
that a plan to restructure its delivery
network is gaining traction. Investors
are looking to FedEx to gauge the
impacts of the Iran war and the Supreme
Court's decision against many of
President Trump's tariffs.
The company says it doesn't expect the
war to have a direct material effect on
its business.
Bloomberg's learned that Kalshi, that's
the largest prediction market platform
in the US, has raised more than $1
billion in a new financing round.
Sources say the funding, which is led by
Coatue Management, will roughly double
Kalshi's valuation to around $22
billion. The prediction market is facing
questions from some US lawmakers about
vulnerability to insider trading and
manipulation.
>> Well, we're checking New World stock, as
you just saw there, what's going on in
Hong Kong. Well, we're slightly to the
upside here, but you know, we've been
talking and what our our sources have
been telling us is that the billionaire
Cheng family is betting on the revival
of the city's property market to meet
its debt obligations. Sources say the
embattled developer is now mulling
options including a public share sale
rather than giving up control to
investors. For more on this, let's bring
in our China credit reporter Trista
Sheng Mu Law. She was part of this
story. Um, tell us a little more why the
Cheng family is kind of resisting
outside investors now.
>> Yeah, so first of all, they don't
actually don't want to give up their
control of New World. And then, I think,
you know, we recall that by the end of
late last year, the Cheng family has
been really eager to secure outside
capital. They have been in talks with
Blackstone to actually in discussion for
a deal which will let them let
Blackstone to take control of the
company. But right now, they're betting
the turnaround of Hong Kong's property
market. You know, the housing prices are
projected to up maybe around, you know,
15% this year and furthermore rents also
up 5%. So, this kind of, you know,
positive sentiment give the the family
some confidence to explore other
options. As we mentioned about the
around $4 billion
public share sales plan. And that's the
one of the you know, leading option the
family are exploring right now. And that
plan which will maybe they will give it
to some designated investor or will
dedicated to all shareholders in a pro
rata basis, which means that the Chow
family which now, you know, holding
about 45% in New World will contribute
about $1.8 billion.
Yeah, it's really been quite exceptional
all the twists and turns in the saga of
this and all of the different talks and
now, of course, they're benefiting from
what could be a revival of the property
market. But but is the company actually
out of the woods or is there still more
pressure to come, do you think? Well,
definitely there are still some pressure
there, right? We need to remember that
New World is actually carry over, you
know, $27 billion in liabilities. So,
that's still there, but I think what's,
you know, let us know is that the the
imminent pressures for New World is not
that high, but we need to record that
the mega refinancing they sealed the
deal like last year. That's $11 billion
which it will come to mature in 2028.
So, analysts are telling us New World
still have more maybe around a year and
trying to improve their financial
structure. All right, Trista, thanks so
much for joining us. That was our
Bloomberg reporter Trista Shinjiro
joining us there. And you can get an
insider's guide to the money, the people
as well that are shaking up the finance
hub in our Hong Kong edition newsletter
that's out every Thursday. You can sign
up by scanning the QR code in your
screen or via bloomberg.com/newsletters.
More ahead, this is Bloomberg.
>> Into world news this morning, sources
have told Bloomberg that President Trump
and top Justice Department officials
support a new bid to investigate Fed
Chair Jay Powell. Last week a judge
rejected subpoenas issued to the Central
Bank, which prompted US Attorney Jeanine
Pirro to say she would appeal the
decision. The investigation is related
to the Fed's two and a half
billion-dollar renovation of its
headquarters and testimony Powell gave
to the Senate.
>> Wall Street lending giants could get
relaxed capital requirements under
proposals unveiled by the Federal
Reserve. The changes could potentially
unleash billions of dollars for lending,
share buybacks, and dividends. The plans
are subject to a 90-day public
consultation, but if approved, it would
represent a major win for the industry.
>> President Trump says he is resetting his
planned trip to China, suggesting it
could now happen in mid-May. Trump was
due to head to China at the end of this
month, but decided to delay the trip as
he focuses on his war with Iran. His
planned meeting with President Xi
Jinping will be closely watched for
progress on trade and Beijing's reaction
to the Middle East conflict.
>> Taking a look at Xiaomi shares as well
this morning because it's just unveiled
an updated version of its EV car. That's
with new hardware and safety features as
well. So, this was anticipated. It's
been a big week for Xiaomi with
different unveilings around the autos,
but also the AI space. Uh the SU7 sedan
is going to start at just under $32,000.
That's just under 2% more than the first
generation version. The updates also
include redesigned door handles with
external mechanical releases rather, and
that is of course in line with the new
safety rules in China.
>> Yeah, analysts are projecting at least
UBS 100,000 pre-orders in the first week
of sales for this SU7.
But I think it's just a matter of I
guess, you know, buy on the rumor, sell
on the fact. I think the shares are
rallied some 9% this week already on
this debut alone. So sentiment was
already pretty
up I guess you could say given with the
whole AI story as well. So certainly
Xiaomi is selling off here at just a bit
here. Watching the rest of the EV space
obviously as well. Just given what we've
been talking about, right? You know,
this whole Iran situation does it just
kind of force China to electrify
everything? And I think we're seeing
that given this whole There was a great
story that Linda Liu wrote about the BYD
showrooms.
>> Yes.
>> They're basically popping up in the face
of this whole Iran conflict. So
certainly the BYD stock has been
actually up for most of the few sessions
here this week as well. We're up another
7/10 of 1%. It's a mixed bag across some
of the EV names though. XPeng does come
out with earnings a little bit later on
though. Those shares are down about 3%
here. But the rest of the tech space has
been dragged down. It is really the
Alibaba story here. That's why you're
seeing HS Tech down in sub 5,000 here
right now mind you. 5% losses for
Alibaba right now and that is now
bringing down even Meituan which was
actually earlier up.
>> Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Taking a look as
well, just quick check on Samsonite
leaning NGM. We are just seeing some
mixed moves here, but but you've got
those earnings for for Samsonite really
under shooting. You can see that's of
course being reflected in the drag
there. China dashboard just taking a
look at those benchmarks because again
it's a bit of divergence. You've got
onshore is actually outpacing what we're
seeing the losses for the Hang Seng in
the morning so far. More ahead.
>> Welcome back to the China show. A look
into the HSI half hour into the session
and I kind of like those clouds. It was
looking a little bit gloomy here in Hong
Kong as we wrap up what has been yet
again another volatile trading week here
when it comes to you know the price
dynamics we're seeing around oil. You
know, we are inching away back to $100
here after we got close to 120 just
about 24 hours ago. And so certainly you
know sentiment has improved overall but
then again still lack of clarity on
really what the objectives of the US and
Israel are when it comes to the Iran
situation. They have you know at least
calmed down oil markets. I think you
know when it comes to the rates markets
that's where you know the front end is
certainly seeing a lot of those concerns
here on just how hawkish central banks
really have to be to fight this energy
spike.
>> Yeah, hawkish holds you could say I
guess we're seeing this week and a lot
of policy makers just flagging the
uncertainty essentially I think for
investors or equity investors at least
it's sort of which one do you listen to
more the the what you're hearing from
world leaders around the Strait of
Hormuz oil passage again or you focused
on what policy makers are saying and and
the risk to inflation
moving to the upside essentially but
let's take a look at how markets are
faring so far because we are just half
an hour into the session as well for for
onshore and you are just seeing again
improving sentiment here which reflects
what we've got mostly across the board
in the session so far today. Japan of
course is shut for public holiday but we
are looking at a fairly flat for the
broader gauge some upside though in in
certain sectors. Korea of course
standing out because you've heard the
likes of of TSMC Samsung raising the
price of their more advanced advanced
chip architecture.
Let's take a look as we said big focus
on what's happening in the yield space.
We've seen at the front end of the curve
at least some some expectations that we
are going to see rate rises possibly. We
heard from the likes of of of the BOE
for instance. I mean again as we said a
hawkish hold but signaling it's ready to
act. We had the BOJ as well uh holding
its target rate but a lot of references
to the Middle East situation. ECB we're
hearing from from sources that are that
are familiar with the matter that they
could be ready to raise rates as soon as
their next meeting. So that is certainly
being priced in even though as well you
see again these these comments that we
get around around oil and and from from
Trump we get it from Netanyahu saying
that we're not going to have any more
attacks on critical energy
infrastructure. That is what's been
playing into into oil prices. But taking
a look at what's happening across the
commodity space because gold, silver
they have been really
under pressure essentially with these
these risks on the inflation being
flagged.
>> Yeah and I think you start to see right
the possibility of rate hikes being put
on the table when it comes to the BOE. I
think as you talked about our sources
are saying you know the ECB could act as
soon as next month. Markets are pricing
about a 63% probability of that in the
April 30th meeting. BOE is also about a
50% so it's a coin toss here right now
around that meeting that comes next too.
So
what you're seeing across you know
industrial metals, precious metals at
least now they're all gaining but really
there has been a sharp reversal in
industrial metals uh just given the you
know the potential growth shocks that
could have the global economy and the
like and it really has started with what
happened in the rates market, right?
This fresh volatility in bond markets as
investors rush to bet on higher interest
rates with the surging oil prices
threatening to reignite inflation. Let's
get more now with Ruth Carson our chief
correspondent for FX and rates in Asia.
Ruth uh it seems like a pretty sharp
pivot when it comes to expectations
after we heard from the ECB and the BOE.
How hawkish were they?
>> They were very hawkish and in fact
traders in Asia are waking up and going
wow. Look at those massive moves
particularly in the front end you know
in the UK and also the messaging the
messaging it's about fighting inflation.
There is a deep-seated fear now in
markets that this war could be
prolonged. I mean, who knows when it
will actually end even though, you know,
we we are hearing some messages about,
you know, nerves being soothed
and but the thing is the thing is if we
look at where commodity prices are oil
is still very elevated compared to where
we were 3 weeks ago. And the question on
traders is mine at the moment on the
macro side is how long can markets
sustain these price, you know, price
pressures? They will feed into
day-to-day lives of people and as a
result central banks will more likely
have to act than not. It's a bit of a
game of nerves at the moment but
absolutely fighting inflation hawkish
central bank commentary that's on the
investors minds at the moment.
>> How long then does it does it persist
and and what exactly do you think
activity's going to look like even going
into next week?
>> I think if we look at markets today, how
long is a piece of string
is the probably the the answer to that
because
we woke up we saw Australia New Zealand
bonds reacting as well and they're
gauges in this part of the world when it
comes to sentiment. Again, the moves in
the front end
10 basis points and more it kind of
shows that investors are going
we're still not comfortable, you know,
with where inflation is headed. We're
not comfortable with what we're seeing
despite, you know, some reassurances on
the political side on tensions. So, sell
bonds,
you know, even gold and all that are not
the havens they are you know,
supposed to be and
it probably will persist going into next
week as well.
>> It's times like this Ruth when I need to
start asking questions and and I think
should I ask AI? Is Is that Is that
something that's a a good source of info
here in the face of all this
uncertainty? I mean, you've been
tracking this story about traders really
using this to help in the face of all
this volatility.
>> Absolutely. And I think we're definitely
not alone here in seeking answers.
Traders absolutely are on the same boat.
So, we spoke to a bunch of investors
from Singapore to Tokyo to New York to
Sao Paulo about whether or not they're
using AI and how they're using AI to map
out the risks from the Iran conflict.
And the short answer is yes, a
resounding yes. Everyone is turning to
Claude, to Gemini, to ChatGPT and really
being mindful of the prompts that they
put in. What does it mean for oil? Map
out for me five scenarios. You know,
should the should tensions continue
going on for months? What does it mean
for inflation? What does it mean for
central bank rates pricing? What does it
mean for monetary policy paths? All
these questions are being fed into LLMs
and they are they are helping. But
whether or not it's accurate really
depends on the fact checks that come
after it. And that is what traders are
stressing right now. AI is not the
answer, but it's a very very powerful
tool to help in the investment
processes.
>> Ruth, it's a really great story and and
certainly one that that is amongst the
most read on the terminal this morning
as well. So, it just tells you really I
I guess a lot of people are also looking
for perhaps tips on on how they can also
get in on the action. But that was
Bloomberg's Ruth Carson there as we
said, her story "Traders overwhelmed by
Iran news are turning to AI for help" is
really gaining a lot of traction this
morning. But we should shift now as well
because
of course a lot of what is driving that
volatility or what is driving the
volatility is essentially what's
happening in the Middle East. And to
that end we've heard from the leaders of
of the US and Israel as well trying to
reassure markets that are rattled by
damage to the major Persian Gulf energy
facilities. Uh meanwhile, just moments
ago we heard from the UAE defense
ministry saying it's responding to
incoming missile and drone attacks from
Iran. Our news desk editor managing
editor rather Jill Deiss has joined us
now. So, yeah, bring us up to speed then
on the latest now.
>> Yes, I think at this point what you're
really just seeing out of at least the
US and Israel is that reassurance that
those energy sites aren't going to be
targeted. This of course after that
barrage of attacks from Iran responding
to attacks from Israel this week where
we saw massive disruption. I think
really the key piece of that being that
strike on that Qatar liquefied natural
gas field, world's largest. You know, as
as we've been discussing something where
you know, the Qatar was saying that's 20
billion US dollars worth of revenue lost
over the course of this year.
You know, I mean really really sort of
substantial shocks to the energy markets
globally. So, you do have those
reassurances where you know, obviously
you know, we're still waiting for more
details out of these latest lines from
the UAE, but you know, perhaps that's
more of a pivot towards something that's
a military strike rather than something
that's targeting critical energy
supplies. So, we've got sort of that
that de-escalation in place, but again I
really just want to emphasize that at
this point we still have no idea when
this war will end. I think we've gotten
fairly conflicting reports over what
exactly it is that the US versus Israel
wants out of Iran. Israel pushing for
regime change, the US obviously has made
that nuclear program a focal point, but
still you know, the way that Trump talks
it's sometimes really difficult to sort
of nail down the clarity in terms of
what you know, a complete objective
would ultimately look like. So, we don't
really have a full sense of how long
exactly this could continue to go on.
>> Yeah, you mentioned about Netanyahu
saying they're not going to target you
know, energy assets. Do we have any
indication if Iran's going to follow up
and say, "Look, we'll also kind of
hamper down and just you know,
de-escalate it from on their side, too."
>> Well, we'll see, right? I mean again,
like I think that the
the big issue when you're dealing with a
conflict like this is it's incredibly
volatile. And obviously like you know
you do continue to see some of strikes
traded back and forth. Obviously what we
saw with that is
Israeli attack on South Pars that that
that energy situation in Iran was what
predicated these really aggressive
attacks earlier this week. So you know
maybe there's sort of that de-escalation
on all sides here but again because
we're dealing with an act of war it's so
difficult to tell what exactly you know
this this ultimately looks like whether
you know we need to go through the steps
to actually formalizing some kind of a
truce. It's just still a very very
volatile situation and really difficult
to tell exactly how things are going to
progress but obviously as of right now
you are seeing a little bit of that
de-escalation of tensions.
>> Yeah but as you said from the
perspective of President Trump really
just difficult to ascertain what exactly
the end objective is and and as well how
how
clued in allies were to the actions that
he was prepared to take and we heard of
course the the Japanese Prime Minister
Takiji in Washington for a meeting with
Trump but this came out as well as that
reference of course at Pearl Harbor but
take a listen.
>> When we go in we went in very hard
and we didn't tell anybody about it
because we wanted
surprise. Who knows better about
surprise than Japan?
Okay? Why didn't you tell me about Pearl
Harbor? Okay?
Right?
You know he's asked me
do you believe in surprise?
I think much more so than us.
>> So that's obviously uh
>> You can see her face. She's she's
pursing her lips. She's looking at her
team. Really trying not to say anything
but overall what what did Takiji really
achieve on this trip?
>> really really tricky trip for Takiji.
Obviously you've got incredibly stunning
statements like that coming out of the
US President.
What she's ultimately there to do is is
is she's can't you know just volunteer
Japan for getting involved in an act of
conflict. I mean I think that's
against decades of you know, sort of
constitutional mandates out of out of
Japan. Yes, pacifist constitution.
Exactly. Obviously I'm incredibly
unpopular at home. What she was able to
do was just sort of you know, pledge um
some other forms of support saying that
Japan is committed to you know, buying
more US oil. So you know, there are some
elements there that you know, she's
she's willing to do but obviously a
really really tricky line to walk for
Takaichi and I think really speaks to
the fact that you know, you've got also
Trump kind of equivocating here a little
bit saying you know, they want Japan's
help. Japan's more helpful than NATO.
Although he didn't exactly specify what
he meant by that. Um you know, but at
the same time he's also saying oh well,
we we don't need um you know, their help
anyway kind of a thing. So it's like you
see like a lot of like sort of
contradictory statements coming out of
Trump. I think for Takaichi she
accomplished what she needed to
accomplish which essentially just come
in maintain the relationship. This is
obviously a very critical US ally here.
Um but uh you know, she she just isn't
um available to get involved in an
active conflict like this.
>> Yeah. And meeting before I guess that
meeting with President Xi too for Trump.
That might be a quite telling in terms
of the timing as well. Jill, thank you.
Our managing uh newsdesk managing editor
Jill Disis there on the latest when it
comes to Iran.
All right. Up next as well, we're going
to get back to Chinese equities. UBS
Global Wealth Management is joining us.
Uh they actually see Beijing's focus on
tech in a tech innovation rather and
consumption as a positive. We'll get the
details with Eva Lee just ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> In my view, the best market to own
equity market to own in the world during
such a period is the Chinese mainland
market. China is light years away ahead
of the the US in terms of energy and
energy is probably the key sector
globally.
>> That was Jefferies global head of equity
strategy Christopher Wood speaking with
us yesterday and just taking a look at
how Chinese benchmarks are faring this
morning in the session. We're a bit
under pressure and that's really being
led by the Hong Kong story which again
comes back down to the Alibaba story and
we had those numbers out yesterday after
the session. Lots of concerns really
around around the the yes, a very
ambitious plan around monetization of
AI, but at the same time the spending
that that takes and the pressure that
they're feeling in their e-commerce as
well. So, that is sort of the the broad
picture for for for Chinese equities,
but you can see that onshore actually is
doing a bit better and sort of also just
taking its cues I guess from what we see
in in markets in other parts of the
world.
>> Yeah, I think it just goes to show what
Chris Wood said yesterday to Hazard
Insight which was basically onshore
stocks have been quite resilient to all
the headlines when it comes to Iran. Our
next guest maintains an attractive view
on Chinese equities. Let's get more now
with Eva Lee, head of Greater China
equities at UBS Global Wealth
Management. Eva, it's great to have you.
So, Chris Wood was saying the best
equity market to own right now is
onshore mainland just because of how
insulated it is. You know, China has
unlimited access to cheap power. How how
much do you kind of hold to that sort of
that view?
>> Uh well, I think this has been the case.
If you look back in the past crisis, um
China Asia or even actually China H
share has been resilient. If you compare
to the correction that we are seeing in
the other markets.
Um but it it In fact, if we sort of look
back in Asia, what's the component? Um
there are a lot of value stocks. So, the
mix is skewed to the value versus
growth. And so, obviously with the worry
about rates, whether we really will
still have rate cut or
we will have rate hike, you know, that
of course it will hit growth area. So,
that's why in a way and plus, you know,
Asia benefited from banks. Um they're
going to announce results, but I believe
that the dividend will still be the sort
of the focus. They would deliver that
sort of 30% paid out ratio, dividend
yield still attractive. And we are
seeing a major deposit migration cuz 3
years ago a lot of, you know, money is
not going to property market, they go
into the deposit, fixed deposit for 3
years, now maturing. Um, we expect even
if like less than 10% of this maturing
deposit go into the system, investing
into equity or other trust product, we
are talking about 2 to 4 trillion RMB.
>> Mhm.
>> Yes, I guess that's the cash pile that
we often talk about that that's being
sat on. So, what's the upside potential
then that you see for for onshore
equities?
>> Uh, well, I have to say they already
have, you know, sort of open forms. So,
we're talking about high single digits,
you know, sort of low teens upside.
Uh, relatively, we're still seeing, yes,
I mean, the Asia market is resilient. H
share, you know, has been affected by
um, the outside world, the de-risking,
um, the internet results a bit of mix.
>> Yeah, what's your take on the earnings
from the tech side so far?
>> I think a bit disappointing overall.
>> Uh, yes, it's but in fact, if you sort
of hear what management said, the
the the the worst case or we already
seen, you know, sort of worst in terms
of earnings, in terms of operations.
They did try to, you know, sort of give
uh, investors, you know, focusing more
on the AI growth story,
uh, the margin is going to be better,
uh, the strong demand for cloud, um,
you know, but the market need to digest.
And obviously, if you, no matter if US
or China, always when result disappoint,
>> Yeah.
>> no matter how much the share price have
corrected, they will correct more.
Uh, so,
surprise results surprise would just be
muted.
But negative any of the disappointments
market will react very um, you know,
drastically.
>> You still think that you should broaden
the exposure to tech right now? How so?
>> It's yeah, continuing. We actually
downgrade um, US tech uh, from
attractive to neutral. That was before
the Middle East crisis.
Uh, we consider particular the the US
hyperscaler in terms of the future AI
investment is likely to moderate. They
already invest up to their full free
cash flow in total. Um, and we should be
looking into power
uh, and resources. That actually is a AI
infrastructure that has been doing very
well despite that, you know, obviously I
mean the overall US equities have been a
bit of rebound because people consider
it's a bit of a safe haven. Uh, but
overall we see potential growth, better
valuation is actually in power
resources, industrial, you know, these
are the sectors that we favor.
>> What about uh, the consumption story as
well? How are you thinking about that
this year?
>> Um, I mean in terms of China
consumptions um,
well in the first two months it's sort
of better than people expect in terms of
growth. Uh, if you look at the results I
think there are some sports wear
companies already announced results. Uh,
looks like they already they already
reduce the inventory they need to. They
already have the price cut. They're not
expecting a, you know, a sharp rebound
but a gradual improvement. So they're
already prepared for the challenging
market that already happened that has
happened uh, over the last two years or
so. So ongoing I think it's uh, we are
expecting sort of a step from the
bottoming out um, of of the market.
>> Um, in terms of the commodities sort of
theme I think everyone's been talking
about
you know, how to kind of position around
it right now because it usually it
initially was that you know, some the
supply constraints were going to
actually help some of the miners in the
like, but now when you're talking about
potential hit to the global economy
we're actually seeing a bit of reversal
in some of these sort of equities now.
How should I look at the commodity space
in particular?
>> Well, I think it will boil down to where
how long the disruptions will be, right?
I mean, um as what you said, if
disruption is going to last for a long
time
then we are seeing a much slower
economic growth or even recession.
>> Mhm.
>> And so then it will hit manufacturing
activities, but so far at this moment we
still
I mean, we are expecting like
you know, probably disruption only last
till early April or end of March. Uh
then the copper and aluminum, these are
the two material we still favor because
the supply is still not enough.
>> Mhm.
>> And plus these are the two materials
very important for EVs, for AI data
center, you name it, renewable energy
and all that.
>> Mhm.
Yeah, and it's interesting as well just
on the EV story. I mean, BYD for
instance is a stock that's performing
well and we're hearing lots of reports
of of showrooms around the region that
are really busy just on the back of the
oil crisis. In terms of havens though,
what do you think then about allocation
to bonds and and which part of the curve
I guess you're also interested in?
>> Uh well, at the moment it's still
uncertain. So, investment grade
5 to 5-year maturity would be our favor.
Uh longer
end of the
longer term maturity would be
susceptible if there is any change in
interest rate expectation or even
perpetual. So, that's
area. Remember in 2022
which are the area of the bonds that was
under much pressure.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think the steepening we've seen
in the CGV curve? I mean, after we saw
MPC, they were talking about 2% when it
comes to inflation targets and the like.
Do you think those moves that we've seen
are sustainable?
>> Uh well, I think the
you you're talking about the China long
end
I think I think we will continue to be
at sort of 1.8 1.9% level. I don't not
expect any, you know, sort of upsurge
from here.
>> Okay. Eva, thanks so much for joining
us. That was Eva Lee there of UBS Global
Wealth Management. And coming up, uh
we're going to be taking a look at
Asia's rapidly growing ETF space. It's
in our new weekly segment ETF IQ Asia.
This is the man they call the Godfather
of ETFs. That's Reggie Brown joining us
soon. More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> Here's this morning. Sources have told
Bloomberg that President Trump and top
Justice Department officials support a
new bid to investigate Fed Chair Jay
Powell. Last week a judge rejected
subpoenas issued to the Central Bank,
which prompted US Attorney Jeanine Pirro
to say she would appeal the decision.
The investigation is related to the
Fed's $2.5 billion renovation of its
headquarters and testimony Powell gave
to the Senate.
President Trump says he is resetting his
planned trip to China, suggesting it
could now happen in mid-May. Trump was
due to head to China at the end of this
month, but decided to delay the trip as
he focuses on his war with Iran. His
planned meeting with President Xi
Jinping will be closely watched for
progress on trade and Beijing's reaction
to the Middle East conflict.
>> Taking a look at how markets are faring,
solar stocks are actually seeing some
pretty good upside gains here. There is
a report out from Reuters saying that
Tesla is in talks with Chinese firms to
to make acquisitions of solar equipment.
And so we are looking at some of the the
names that have been mentioned. For
instance, the first one, Shudong
Maxwell, is is is one possible
candidate. But, uh Tesla essentially,
Amy, according to Reuters, to add around
100 gigawatts of solar capacity. Asia
miners also in focus this morning. We
actually are seeing the materials
sub-index amongst one of the biggest
laggards in the session so far, and that
is being reflected across into some of
these names today. Aussie petrol
retailers, as well, to note because we
are getting uh government measures
essentially to support fuel security.
There's a lot of question marks around
essentially cost of living pressures, uh
given you just had the RBA rate raise,
and then off the back of that as well,
concerns around access to to petrol
given those events ongoing in the Middle
East. But, we'll have more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> Jensen Huang uh from Nvidia said I think
yesterday or the day before at a global
GTC saying that Open Claw is equivalent
to HTML. I mean, without HTML, there's
no website. And he also said Open Claw
is equivalent to the ChatGPT moment. So,
we think for Tencent to go all in in
Open Claw is not just a good thing, it's
a great thing.
>> Jun Zhang from Barclays.
>> That was Barclays earlier reacting to
the earnings from China's big tech
names. And certainly, you know, calling
Open Claw the next sort of ChatGPT or
HTML certainly is a bullish sort of
signal there. Uh investors, though, have
been showing a sense of disappointment
against some of these China tech
earnings as of late as we wrap up this
week of Tencent and Alibaba. You're
seeing the shares for Baba down some 5%.
Uh it really has been dragged down by
the growth that we're seeing or the
sluggish growth uh when it comes to the
core e-commerce business amid this
week's domestic consumption. The AI sort
of headlines happened quite uh big as
well as as Ellie Johnson at Macquarie
said, "100 billion in 5 years in terms
of annual AI and cloud sales is
ambitious at this moment." Did they do
enough to tell how they're going to
achieve that sort of milestone is
certainly going to be a key question
here moving forward.
>> Yeah, and I think another key question
is well when it comes to that amount of
spending on AI, what sort of pressure
does it put on the margins of the
business uh longer term because
Bloomberg Intelligence is saying that
those are going to be limited uh on that
basis. But our senior analyst Catherine
Lim, Robert Lee are with us this
morning. So, Catherine, we can go to you
first. I think uh yeah, lots of question
marks really around the e-commerce
spending and and how much they're
needing to defend uh their market share.
But we did just get that overall miss on
revenue expectations. Is that is that
coming down to demand and issues around
that or we looking at execution problems
instead, do you think?
>> Yeah, that's a great question. I kind of
think it's actually a function of both.
Um the company have spoken that yes, it
was a very weak um fourth quarter, which
is the October to December period,
December in particular. They've actually
seen things um picking up. But I do
think that you know, we do have to
consider the execution side of it
because you know, Quinn, the way it is
being embedded into um you know,
Alibaba's ecosystem, we have yet to
actually see that in this set of
results. And I think you know, that is
also another big question that markets
will have. Did that work? Are we going
to see more of it going to come through
um you know, in the next set of results?
And more importantly, as you've
highlighted, what is the impact on the
margins because we've seen all that new
Lunar New Year um perks that not just
Alibaba, but um jd.com doing um you
know, everyone was just throwing to
actually try to drive up agnetic
commerce juice um in China. So, we'll
have to see how that goes.
>> Mhm.
>> Um
There there's a sort of you mentioned
agnetic commerce. Gosh, we're still
trying to get our heads around agnetic
AI.
What does that mean for Alibaba?
>> Yeah, we're in a very very early stage
of it and Alibaba clearly has a lead
because of the embedded ecosystem that
it inherently has itself. You know,
literally you know, it's a single prompt
transaction that we're talking about if
I can put in very very simple terms
right now. And that is where the
execution and I think over the course of
2026, we're going to actually see how
that actually changes not just the
consumer behavior itself, but also how
merchants are actually allocating their
advertising marketing dollars on these
platforms. And that will also have an
impact on revenues as well as margins.
>> Rob, let's bring you in.
I guess it's an interesting comparison
to make as well between Alibaba and what
Tencent is doing, but how their AI
strategies diverging do you think and
and how is that also being reflected in
the way that that investors are reacting
to to the numbers, too?
>> Okay.
Well, I think it's been noted as a
difference in corporate culture and the
way both companies present. Alibaba
tends to be far more upbeat. The
messaging was much clearer compared to
Tencent, but the stock is still down and
because the common factor between both
is they're upping their spending in AI.
AI is clearly the focus, but where's the
return on investment? So, we don't know
how large that return will be. We don't
have a timeline for that.
Um and whilst there's been some
commentary in your sort of prelude about
rising AI investment depressing their
margins, what about the cash flow?
Ultimately, everything washes into cash.
And if you look at the free cash flow of
Alibaba for the last three quarters
cumulatively, it's been negative.
Whereas if we had this conversation two
years ago before the stock sort of took
off,
it was seen as a value company and one
of its key strengths is obviously its
size, its scale, and its inherent cash
generation. So now they are sacrificing
significant amount of cash uh
very expensively in in sort of crude
terms investing in CapEx. Interestingly,
they didn't give up dated CapEx guidance
last night, although clearly the CapEx
spend will be going up. So whilst
they're, you know, the headline 100
billion figure in five years, yeah yeah
that's great, but what sort of margin
will you be generating on that? And also
at what potential uh CapEx cost? Because
for example, if I walked in here and
said, "Look, I bought a $5 million
apartment." Great. But, you know, if I
didn't tell you I've also got a $5
million mortgage, you know, you're
missing that half of the equation.
Similarly, there's all this focus on the
income statement of revenue, but what
about the margin? And it's the cash cost
the CapEx cost is sitting on the cash
flow and the balance sheet. People must
focus on that because on a net cash
basis, all these AI companies in the
China context in cash terms are losing
heavily heavily. They're losing heavy
amounts of money on AI at the moment
with no, you know, significant
visibility on when they generate an ROI
both in income statement terms and more
importantly cash terms.
>> Mhm.
So do you think investors are just kind
of relying too much on hope that AI can
transform these earnings and and the and
the outlook for the company?
>> Well, for the the the bullish analysts
out there for the last year, um that's
what they've been arguing. You know,
it's in
Let's be fair to Alibaba. They are the
dominant cloud um
company in China. But if you look at
their margins compared to Amazon Web
Services, with the numbers they've just
printed, they are generating a 9%
adjusted EBITDA.
Uh Ali uh sorry, uh, Amazon Web Services
in Q4 did 35%. So, and that reflects the
much more fragmented nature of the China
market, the huge pricing pressure, and
the low relative returns. And then, the
other thing I'll just mention is what
Alibaba is doing as the leading cloud,
uh, supplier in China is obviously in
line with the government's overall, uh,
AI plus strategy, they're looking to
proliferate AI across the economy uh, to
drive the uptake of AI through Jentica
AI and other means. That's great, but
someone needs to shoulder the cost. And
really, Alibaba is subsidizing that
rollout.
>> Mhm. So, the winners of this are the
Chinese economy,
>> you know, maybe that will help to, uh,
boost economic productivity. The
consumer is clearly the winner, but
Alibaba is subsidizing it, therefore the
shareholder is the loser, hence the
reaction you saw in the markets. And the
same applies really, I think, to all the
AI names. There's not a commercial
return that are available to the
companies, um,
which is why the narrative is changing
and people are focused much more on
returns, which we have no visibility on.
>> Yeah, so so Catherine, I'll bring you
back in then on that point around what
what Rob's saying there.
Can Alibaba, do you think then, deliver
profitability from the AI story as you
said it? The the cloud side is certainly
pressured just given, especially with
the Jentica AI, a lot more token
consumption, which is also a cost to the
business.
>> Mhm. Well, um, look, Alibaba's narrative
on profitability versus, you know, what
it is looking to achieve from a market
share perspective, whether it is from
the AI or, you know, digital commerce
for that matter, hasn't quite changed.
They have always been guiding that for
the next 2 to 3 years itself, they're
going to be focusing on trying to
actually get the market together, cement
that presence itself. So, I do think
that, you know, what is going to happen
after this really is, you know, the
reality that we may not be able to
actually see the profitability or the
ROI as Rob has actually highlighted.
But, we do need to actually see some
form of, um, you know, results of what
they are doing, um, in terms of the top
line. So, again, you know, the
e-commerce didn't quite excite, um, I
would say. It missed by nearly 2% and,
uh, I am on the lookout for the next
quarter to see whether Quin, um, as it
actually gets embedded into the entire
ecosystem, will that be able to actually
help revive things a little because, you
know, the e-commerce business itself is
still, um, an element of which that they
can really monetize in the longer term.
>> Catherine, thank you. And our team uh at
BRR that covers Alibaba, Catherine Lim,
and Robert Lee there, both covering the
e-commerce and AI side of things. Coming
up, we're exploring Asia's rapidly
growing ETF space in our new weekly
segment ETF IQ Asia. The man they call
the godfather of ETFs joins us next.
Reggie Brown, this is Bloomberg.
Yeah, change the background. Change the
colors now. Second edition of our
special weekly segment of ETF IQ Asia.
And the war in Iran is certainly fueling
demand when it comes to ETFs in the Asia
Pacific with inflows jumping to the
highest level in years. Now, that's
according to data from Bloomberg
Intelligence for early March, with the
surge being led by funds in Taiwan and
Japan, Belle.
>> Yeah, let's get more on this now.
Bringing in Bloomberg Intelligence
senior ETF analyst, that's Rebecca Sin,
of course. So, Rebecca, just tell us ETF
flows, of course, have been shifting
since the start of the war in Iran, but
what are what are you seeing so far?
>> So, whenever there's a crisis, we really
see investment in three phases. The
first is panic, the second is recovery,
and the third is risk clearing. So,
we're currently in the panic phase, so a
lot of volatility, and in the Asia
Pacific, whenever the markets drop
historically, ETF flows would point to
around 1 billion per week, but we've
seen this number triple in March. And
so, in Japan, 3.5 billion, in Taiwan, 3
billion, and then Hong Kong, 2.5
billion. And so, what we've called this
is really the chips and dips, because
investors are really buying at the dip,
but they're buying into the chips names,
the likes of semiconductors. Um and
across the flows, we've seen a lot of
investments into this. If we look at the
flows globally, we've seen the same
thing. Um we're now at record levels for
ETFs, and ETFs have almost reached 22
trillion at the peak. And if we look at
the best performing ETF, it's a
breakwave tanker shipping ETF, and this
ETF has returned more than 300%.
>> Wow.
>> And the reason why is that it tracks um
it has the largest cargo ship used to
transport oil from the Middle East to
Asia and America. So, it locked in the
prices early on ahead of the war.
>> Chips and dip, I love it. Makes me
hungry. Um but you've been talking about
like shipping certainly has been one
sector. What What other sectors have
investors really been attuned to
recently?
>> Of course, energy has been um the one
that's gotten the most interest, but a
lot of the reason is ultimately people
are looking for alternatives to oil. And
so, if we look outside of oil, nuclear
has been a big one. And you may not know
this, but South Korea powers a third of
its energy off nuclear. And so, it's one
of the largest, and in South Korea,
Mirae has an ETF that tracks nuclear
that has returned 125%.
Next to that is power grid. China
operates the world's largest
high-voltage direct current network,
which is required to transmit hydrogen
and wind power. And these ETFs have
returned on average 30%. Next to that is
then hydrogen. Hydrogen is of course the
alternative, and across all the hydrogen
ETFs, it's returned roughly 30 to 40%.
So, if we look across the sector, a lot
of people are investing into these
thematic names. And specifically,
Chinese investors are rotating into
energy and utility. And if we look back
into Hong Kong specifically, you know,
last week we had CSOP um where she
talked about some of the flows they've
seen. But the best ETF that has got the
most inflow is their CSOP two times SK
Hynix. So we call it the chips and dips
because in Asia we've seen a lot of
investors investing into the chip names.
>> Yep, still a lot to buy there. Okay,
Rebecca Sin, thank you. Our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst trying to
kick things off for us. So let's bring
in Reggie Brown, principal at market
maker GTS Securities. He's sometimes
known as Mr. ETF. You don't know him for
his role in helping to build the
industry in its early days. He joins us
now from Uruguay. Gosh.
Reggie, thank you so much for staying up
with us. I don't even know where what
time it is in Uruguay right now, but
thank you. Um tell us something more. I
mean Rebecca kind of set the scene here
about, you know, there's a bit of a dip
buying in the chip space. Shipping
energy certainly has been hot. How are
investors using the ETFs at the moment
to ride out this volatility? What's the
big winner?
>> Well, I would agree with Rebecca. I
think that there are definitely two
buckets of ETF active ETF users.
It is the buy the dip. So that would be
like Korea and Japan where assets are
growing but the prices are going down,
you know, just with
with the action in the marketplace, but
you know, it's growing. And then if you
look at India and Taiwan, they're losing
assets, market's coming down. So it's
kind of a bifurcated marketplace. Uh and
I think that there's a lot of long
players that are looking at value buys
that are just piling in where they see
opportunity as clearly being
demonstrated in the ETFs.
>> And and beyond the energy names,
which other sectors or types of ETFs are
you looking at here?
>> Well, we're looking at broad-based
stuff, but you know, clearly if you look
at the gold sector, it feels a little
sloppy here based on what's happening.
There's been big debate in our desk.
One of our senior traders Ed Yune, you
know, thinks that there's some forced
selling there. And so if you look at
gold and gold miners, I think that's
kind of a a hot flash there that's
probably a temporary turnaround cuz
typically gold and oil have positive
correlation, but yet they're breaking
apart, and I think there's something
there.
Um if you just look at just the China
energy sector, Rebecca touched on it
earlier, but here Uruguay, if you look
at just the the market share of Chinese
cars and clean energy, I think that
there's something there based on just
what I'm seeing here. And so I think
think that, you know, it's broadening
out.
Uh the the countries that have positive
energy exportation, they're the winners,
and those who are energy
uh
you know, buyers, they're the losers,
and I think you're seeing that in ETS
playing out.
>> How how are people hedging right now,
Reggie? I mean, as you mentioned, right?
It seems like gold is maybe kind of
seeing a short-term turnaround, uh not
behaving as the haven that it should be,
but
is it is it really time where people
kind of hedging for inflation? Is it
time to kind of build up into real
assets? What what sort of the take
they're getting from flows right now?
>> I I it it it feels as though that real
assets to play, you know, the earlier
energy ETF I should have mentioned was
uh 1618,
uh which is the Alerian Energy ETF, but
real assets, I I think there are a lot
of investors are using ETFs
uh to hedge against uh the move uh for
higher inflation around the world with
just the oil move. And it feels as
though like that's the the the current
focus point, but it's thematic uh
temporarily until this gets sorted out
in the war in Iran.
>> How do you think then about, I guess,
the relative value between the the
strength you're seeing said in
commodities, but then also the the AI
story and the tech story? Because we've
actually continued to see, of course,
some volatility on the tech side, but
but in Asia at least, some of these
names continuing to move higher.
>> You know what? If you look at Korea,
first of all, the the Korean ETF market
is just exploding. And I think it's
almost surpassing Taiwan. And so that's
really the AI chip story right there.
Um and the retail investors who play
ETFs out of Korea, you know, there are
some smart people there and we tend to
read their flows looking at just what to
expect around the globe, you know,
following uh the exchange map. And so I
think that the AI chip story and just
overall retail players, you know, you
can't really bet against them. You got
to go with. And so this is the story
that we're watching. And then we're also
setting our prices based on our
expectations of, you know, moves
throughout the night based on the US
where I'm located. And so Korea, I think
is really, you know, moving the
marketplace with all of its AI and chip
building and just
uh you know, what's happening in that
marketplace.
>> And Rachel, I want to get your take on
just the overall
the the whole industry has really
transformed, right? Maybe since your
early days you you you've had the sort
of pioneering sort of role
of really kind of developing the ETF
industry from its early days. How do you
look at it now given the amount of, I
guess, you know, that's the market
structure, liquidity of this market? How
much has it evolved and do you think
that we still need to do some more
structural upgrades in the industry
moving forward?
>> Well, listen, it's exciting. I mean, you
have
uh just tokenization that's marching
around around the world. You have, you
know, just new types of ETFs, active
managers coming in.
And then you have ETFs that are growing
in in in uh in new market centers. In
December, I was in Dubai cross-listing
two ETFs
uh in Dubai. You know, that's
unfortunate what's happening in the
region. And then those ETFs were
cross-listed across seven exchanges. And
so if you look at the growth of ETFs, um
the field is growing, and I think that
market structure, exchange rules,
particularly in these new countries,
need to evolve to allow ETFs
to grow. Here uh in Uruguay, um you
can't move offshore, so you want to use
an ETF, you have to put it in a
structured product. And if you look at
the average uh fee here in in this
region, it's like 2.5% for a retail
player, but yet ETFs are around 50 basis
points. And so, the marketplace, I
think, needs to allow for competition,
and then market makers like myself need
to move into these regions to bring
liquidity. So, there's still some growth
uh to occur, and more of my competitors
are recognizing what I see
and the opportunity to grow.
>> And and I what type of products then,
you know, it seems like
of course, you've got the plain vanilla
ETFs that that track a particular asset
class, but there's there's levered,
there's inverse. There's a lot of
different types of ETFs out there. What
are you seeing as as the the biggest
potential?
>> Well, if you look at South Korea, the
levered ETFs is one of their favorites
uh to utilize and deploy capital. But,
it really comes down to really, I think,
active managers and then tokenization
of ETFs.
Uh and so, it comes down to themes. And
so, whatever the flavor of the month is,
you'll see all the action because, you
know, investors will pile in. But, long
core, I think, is really around uh AI,
uh chips, uh and then also renewable
energy around EV vehicles. I mean, it
feels like that's the tail that's going
to wag the dog, but if you look at Korea
uh with just all of their growth around
chips and their leadership, you know,
you you know, you got to follow that
market, too. So, I think you'll see more
adoption and more ETFs come out with
themes allow retail players to grow, but
the real story is around active managers
launching ETFs away from mutual funds.
Globally.
>> Reggie, thanks very much for joining us.
That was Reggie Brown there principal at
GTS securities and you can tune in to
ETF IQ Asia. That's every Friday here on
the China show. We bring you more
analysis and conversations with top
market players and newsmakers. More
ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
>> All right, it's Friday. Um, we've got to
look ahead to next week and certainly it
could be pretty busy. On Sunday that
there is that China development forum to
watch out for. Sinopec earnings also
come out on Sunday as well. A Milken
Global Investor Symposium that happens
here in Hong Kong on your Monday
morning. We'll have a team there on the
ground and on Thursday the G7 foreign
ministers meet also in France as well.
I'm guessing they'll be talking a little
bit more about the Iran situation. Um,
but yeah, I mean, if you're looking for
a little pick-me-up against all this
kind of headlines and and whatnot, uh,
let's talk about BTS, right? Uh, you
know, it's going to be a treat this
weekend. If you've been missing them for
the last 4 years, they're making a
comeback, right? And it's going to be a
massive, massive event.
>> This is huge actually when you when you
take a look at the numbers. So, there's
a freak show that's going to be a free
show rather that's taking place tomorrow
in Seoul.
Do you know how many fans are expected
there?
>> 260,000.
That is wild.
>> At the Gwanghwamun Square near the
palace. Um, yeah, I mean, it's it's
crazy, right? They're dropping a new
album.
They're going to be live streaming with
Netflix. So, if you can't fly there like
those 260,000 fans, um, you can still
watch it streaming. But yes, I mean, if
you talk about the amount of flights and
really the meals, the hotel bookings,
everyone trying to get this new album as
well. Arirang.
It drops the day before, of course,
their performance. So, yeah.
>> Yeah. Just to Just to highlight
>> the Eras Tour.
>> Yes, but but even surpass it because
you're talking about maybe from this
free concert alone, a hundred and
seventy-seven million dollars of
economic impact.
A single stop or Taylor Swift average
per concert bounce was around 50 to 70
million per US stop.
>> It's nuts. This could be a hundred and
seventy-seven million dollars in
economic impact.
>> when you take a four-year break, right?
Look at Adele. Every time she comes up
with an album.
She does very well. All right, that's it
for us on the China Show. Have a great
weekend.